And again, of course, it continues many times. It mentioned that, of course, you have the
opportunity
to set up a beautiful shrine, nice in your area, and then go in your home and nice location
and do set up a shrine. Because shrine, generally, what represents is our devotion, our joy, our
appreciation, our practice. And that is what really this shrine represents. It's beautiful.
Nice shrine, nice — F is common in this video, family members, and as well as your friend,
and F net is okay. Nice shrine, something nice, appealing, beautiful looking, beautiful display,
kind of follow with the according instructions or the lineage instruction. But at the same time,
nice, kind of that, appealing, in the center of that, and then for the Buddha,
God of Emma, Sambo, Thara, and then book your white umbrella, or other your
optical veneration, so you put up that. And then also nice, that cheap, kind of clean and elite,
as you can every day. Those are important. And then we began to practice, and as you all know,
do walk through both statues, again, through the shrine, three-four stations, and then sit down
uncomfortably on the cushion, passing to the shrine. And then start with the practices.
Ever so is not common is to set up the shrine by your friend or the family member, then again,
don't have to concern that. Because, as I said, shrine is a symbol of our joy, appreciation,
and the devotion, that is. But the really shrine is in our heart, heart. That is the most important
,
and that is again, joy, devotion, closeness, feeling to the Buddha down in the Sangha,
and in Gharapayam, Sambo, strongly kind of unfailing devotion and joy and appreciation.
That is the absolute shrine, and ignite that collect, and feel joy and appreciation, and so on.
And then, if again, common is, do three-four stations, not sit comfortably wherever that is,
is in the corner of the room or the other, so on, and then begin to practice. And begin to practice
again with this. Then, first this, start with the, our opening prayers, lineage prayers,
seven-line prayers, and lineage prayers, those prayers. But when you join this, feel the presence
of the Gharapayam, Sambo, right in front of sky, sky, strongly, Gharapayam, Sambo, verbatim, verbat
im,
verbatim, as transcendental, Visto-renbo-boarding of loving kindness and compassion, as bladed as
the sunlight, like billions of the sunlight come to that as one single state, as that kind of power
of love and compassion, Visto. And surrounded by the Gharapayam, Sambo, all the lineage masters,
and then white umbrellas, and so forth, all that did, just see that everything, and feel great joy
and appreciation. As I said, the practice means practicing joy, practicing appreciation,
practicing devotion, and practicing six paramatyas, and the passion, the tolerance,
and porgi, and all those beautiful things. That is what really will mean, practices,
practice. That practice, we're not going to live on the cushion, but with that practice, we're
going to
carry with our world, wherever we go, we're going to keep that practice. That is known as the,
the really practitioners, practically. So therefore, again, we're all practicing, but sometimes,
many times, we kind of practice it, live in the room or cushion, and then kind of forget
when we deal with the family member, or with the world, that we miss those things. So therefore,
indeed, those qualities are so important. And now, back with our practices. So,
set on the cushion with great joy and appreciation, and feel this, one of the beautiful moments,
and beautiful things, that I'm glorified, my beautiful natures, is so spread. I'm going to
benefit to myself, and going to benefit to the others. I'm going to give a beautiful example
to my family member, to the others, of the Mahabharata, I'm practicing. Really feel those
strongly in the heart and mind, and may what I'm thinking, what may or what I'm doing,
may it, by the blessings of the old enlightenment, work with myself, fulfill that, that kind of
wish,
and making kind of beautiful, to set forward, put stuff, kind of set, set that legacy, statement
in our heart and mind. And then, giant prayers. Pray of the seven-mind prayers, and as well as
those
prayers. Pray, one way of praying is, is call of our devotion, joy and appreciation, and their
blessings. We blend it in, completely mangled in. Their optimal veneration of work with
myself, we're revitalizing, we're here, but throughout the Benetech and Pop, we all merge
it as one single state, in the state of the devotion and joy and appreciation. Kind of feel that,
that surrenderness of them, that blessings, very strong. And then finally,
Vadipayama Sambo, all the leading masters, dissolve to you, all your continually now,
do, do the rafuji prayers. Rafuji prayers is not, not in here, so we have to adopt that. And that
is,
I think, mostly very popular one, is that what we have, the rafuji and bodhi, the prayers of the
buddhasadanas, sanghi, chudan, sogil, pionana. All I tell, rafuji and the buddha dharmasanga,
to excellent buddha dharmasanga, until I am enlightened. And that is, and then I'll
generate the bodhi together, to benefit for all the beings in the practice of six-fire mothers.
Mothers, I mean that, this is just what I said, is rafuji tasana. You have good tasana, and we
have a book there, so join that prayers. This is a very popular technique, rafuji and bodhi to the
practice, all the Tibetan buddhasadanas. Many great masters said, this was composed by the
kentuzong devotee. Kentuzong devotee prayed that. And some said, in teaching, said it was composed
by the great master atishasadana. Either way, this is composed by one of the great masters,
and is so popular prayers. It is blessed by so many great masters, and practically throughout
the century, all four schools of Tibetan Buddhism, or eight schools of Tibetan Buddhism. They
really
practiced this again and again. So in a way, we are following their voice of the devotion, their
courage, their commitment, their joy, their appreciation, their love, and their kindness,
and compassion. It's so special world. And kind of each world, when you join that, and of course,
you can join that also in English, put that into heart. Not just the same, of course the same is
very special, but connect the meaning to the heart, but really kind of like activate our heart with
joy and devotion, and both each other. And that is very, very special. Then we're making something
changing our systems. With this Buddha's paragraph in Bodhicitta, and then this poor
boneless prayers. Again, in the Buddha's heart, that do those prayers three times. And each
rafuddhi and bodhicitta do it three times, three times as your... And this poor boneless, again,
is so special. I mean, you... I'm not just saying that. And can you read what you said that too?
When you read that, and how powerful it is, how beautiful it is, how genuine
statement is, there's no slightly stance of the ego, selfish, greedy things. It's a total opening,
total crystallized statement. From the deep of the pure love and kindness and compassion and
wisdom, thinking of all sentient beings, it's really so powerful prayers, so special for our
prayers. As we pray, and we touch that to the heart, the meaning, it is something we're doing
so beautifully, spiritually. Buddha mentioned it so many times in the teaching, even we have
one instant thought of true love, love and kindness thought. Isn't it so much powerful,
benefit, so much power? It removes all obstacles, disease, sicknesses, bring joy and peace,
happiness
to ourselves and joy and peace to the others, also non-visible beings. It always, they will
become our protectors, help and supporters. Buddha said, repeated again and again, and therefore
said, this loving kindness practice is one of the most powerful practices among all the practices.
It will also even in the teaching, not just even in the teaching said, that just by only practice
that we will take immediately rebirth in higher realm when we leave this world, in the God's realm.
And therefore, even in the teaching said, this is called cause to take the bird in the higher than
the shit I have, Brahma rams, ram of the Brahma's. And as you know, there's three rams, poor brain,
homeless, sorry, desire, poem brain and formless right. And this, in the poem brain is called,
there is Brahma rams, where the Brahma leaves. And this loving kindness practice is that
immediately
directly cause to take rebirth in that right. And they will name that. So then, and then
comparison and then yoga and then economy. I mean, it's just so much treasure. It's true because we
find that often that also the kind of very care, but how many teaching x stays this this kind of
statement, this kind of prayers, you really read, you know more, more those all the different
schools, different doctrines and all that. This is so special. It's so powerful practices.
And when you feel accepted in the heart, in the mind, in the presence of all the white beings in
Gurbel Masambha, and they're white umbrella, then we really we're making touch, we're making true
statement and true connection. We're making change. White umbrella, that is white umbrella. White
umbrella is selfishness. White umbrella is true love, true completion, true joy, and totally great
economic and great vastness state of the Pandya Paramata status. So when we touch that, we're
touching it, true natures. And then our, it's also our true natures, true nature, we blend in
without any separation and restrictions. This is something so special and beautiful. And we're
making really true practice. We are true practice. We're setting up there. And this is, as he said,
and you know, you know, this brings peace and happiness to us, this brings peace and happiness
to others, to whole world. There is no better peace matter, peace producer, than for all these
practices. There's nothing, really nothing you can eat. There's something that you can tell us,
or tell me, we can think, but there's nothing else. This is just so you, most powerful. So do those
pray, these prayers again, really, with those beautiful intentions and in presence of the
white umbrella and gurupanma sambal, all lineage masters. And that is known as the first novel,
first novel, as he said. This is, is the first novel, novel. And then, finally, with it prompted
those old opulent veneration, gurupanma sambal, all excited, all joined, because your intentions,
our intention, the beautiful intention, beautiful thought, they feel so happy, happy in the joy,
and our excitedly, and then give all the blessings to us, and that moment, they dissolve into light
,
and they dissolve back to you, and become, and mandala, the old nature of the mind. Have you
have time? Do meditate for a few seconds or a few minutes. With that calm and soothing, and yes,
that is relative status, for a few minutes or a few seconds.
This is, as I said, said first novel ones. It is known as jurva-sipitama, in the debate it is,
the first, first beautiful intention, the novel beautiful intention with bodhicata and the devotion
and rafuja confidence. And now we set up beautiful foundation, beautiful preparation,
beautiful ground. In a way, in a building level, if we construct something, we set up the beautiful
now foundations, perfect foundation, foundation is perfect proportionally, measurement, strength,
alcoholic level is perfect. Have we planted the seed on the garden? We've perfectly beautiful seed,
preparation of the soil, and all that ground, manual, whatever the soil needed,
everything really prepared now. And this is the perfectly now set in our practices.
With this, and then, as in the teaching city, then are we going to visualize.